Add class option to toctree directive (#12524)
sphinx-doc/sphinx: doc/usage/restructuredtext/directives.rst

         foo

>    As with :dudir:`most directives <common-options>`, you can use the ``class``
>    option to assign :dudoctree:`class attributes <classes>`::
> 
>       .. toctree::
>          :class: custom-toc

Reviewer: Per above
```suggestion
   As with :dudir:`most directives <common-options>`,
   you can use the ``class`` option to assign `class attributes`_::

      .. toctree::
         :class: custom-toc

   .. _class attributes: https://docutils.sourceforge.io/docs/ref/doctree.html#classes
```
